CodeHub Extension Privacy Policy
Last updated: September 7, 2024
This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use, and disclosure of your information when you use the CodeHub extension and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
We use your personal data to provide and improve the CodeHub extension. By using the extension, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

Extension refers to CodeHub, the browser extension provided by us.
Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Extension or from the Extension infrastructure itself.
You means the individual accessing or using the Extension, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Extension, as applicable.

Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Extension, we may collect the following personally identifiable information:

GitHub username
Authentication tokens (for GitHub integration)

Usage Data
We also collect usage data, which may include:

Code submissions from LeetCode and GeeksforGeeks
Submission activity on LeetCode and GeeksforGeeks
Other diagnostic data related to the use of our Extension

Use of Your Personal Data
We use the collected data for the following purposes:

To provide and maintain our Extension, including to monitor the usage of our Extension.
To manage your account: to manage your registration as a user of the Extension.
To provide you with the core functionality of automatically integrating your code submissions from LeetCode and GeeksforGeeks to GitHub.
To contact you: To contact you by email or other equivalent forms of electronic communication regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities of the Extension.
To manage your requests: To attend and manage your requests to us.
For other purposes: We may use your information for other purposes, such as improving our Extension and your experience.

Retention of Your Personal Data
We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at our operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those from your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Delete Your Personal Data
You have the right to delete or request that we assist in deleting the Personal Data that we have collected about you. You may delete your account and associated data at any time through the Extension settings.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your Personal Data to outside parties. This does not include GitHub, to which we send your code submissions as part of the core functionality of the Extension.
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of your Personal Data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Children's Privacy
Our Extension does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page and updating the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us:
By email: beingrishijain@gmail.com
